at least 13 Palestinians have been
killed in an Israeli air strike on a
house in Han Yunis in southern Gaza Han
Mahmud joins us again um from Han Yunis
hany when we last spoke to you you were
just getting that update that 13
Palestinians have been killed and in the
interim um period we've also just
started receiving pictures recap for us
what has
happened
right well within the past hour 15
minutes a loud explosion could be heard
right here from the hospital where we
reporting it from at about 10 minutes
later uh a group of ambulances started
to move very fast as they were getting
CA from uh Venezuela area Eastern of
hanun that's Eastern hunis side where uh
they were told a residential home was
targeted a four-story building building
full of people without warning
whatsoever the four uh floors of the
building were full of people not only
the owner of that building but also
evacuees who Moved fle fled from Gaza
and the northern part not only that the
house was destroyed but also the
surrounding area four more residential
homes we're talking about a block an
entire block that was turned into a pile
of ruins now we we spoke to one person
came to the hospital very very scared uh
of what happened described that he could
feel the ground shaking underneath his
feet before a loud explosion happened
and and destroying uh the entire
building and and in and a loud a a a
very dark cloud of smoke surrounding the
area with flying objects and and and
stones of around him H 13 people uh
where two people were reported killed
right instantly at that point and these
two people were in front of that
building out in the street but as time
went by uh 13 people where it brought to
the hospital some of them and this is
really very graphic we we saw this
coming but they were brought in in in a
blanket they were wrapped in a blanket
they were into they were brought in
pieces to the hospital a little girl was
unfortunately uh it was directly hit by
a Shar by a flying sharp now that uh a a
caused severe damage to her head and was
pronounced a dead right at the spot so
so far 13 people uh have been killed as
a result of those multiple air strikes
on that area a Nar building residential
home uh and with multiple injuries it
brought to the hospital H now this a
reminder uh to what happened in other
neighborhoods and and and and neighbor
and residential blocks in refugee camp
in other areas of RA andun where those
bombs are are unconventional they
penetrate to the ground they they they
shake the the the the foundation of of
of the building to the point that the
building cannot stand it it collaps
right away as a result of the destroyed
foundation and the the severe explosion
uh that that happened uh when the air
strike uh takes place now all of this is
part of the of the air strike but
there's that aftermath of the of the air
strike people who who survived people
who survived the air strike are are are
now displaced for the second time so
they fled from G and North Park to this
home internally displaced to find
themselves one more time displaced I
mean those who are killed they're killed
right right at the SP but those who
survive a remaining family member who
said that he's the only one remaining of
of the 13 is displaced for the the
second time as there's no place to go to
right now Han Mahmud listen thank you
very much for that update and that level
of detail we were just watching the
aftermath of that strike on a
residential building in the city of Kan
Yunis that has killed 13 people just
moments ago that's what the scene looks
like as we speak hanim Mahmud reporting
from kanun thank you very much